June 16, 1877
On the 22 June I received the following Telegram
Smithfield June 22 1877 Elder W. Woodruff Brigham
floated Seventy Miles, good Condition, Phebe W
attends funeral at 10 oclok today, we sympathize
Samuel Roskelly

16 Thus my Son Brigham has lost his life apparently
for a trifle, we cannot always comprehend the
ways of Providence. There is a mystery hanging
over this affair to me. I never saw a person more
anxious to obtain an Education than He was, He has
studied untill midnight a good deal of the time for the
last two years, He has just finished his Education
and gone home to his Mother in Smithfield Cash Co
and Drowned in Bear river. He was a good young
Man, virtuous, Temperate, Honest, and lived his
Religion. He had received his Endowment. I have felt
calm, composed, and reconciled in this bereavement
I have thought that as I was doing so much
for the dead here in the Temple in St George, that it
might be necessary to have one of the family in the
spirit world. Brigham Y Woodruff was
born Jan [blank] 1857. Drowned June 16, 1877
Aged 20 years

June 17, 1877 ~ Sunday

June 17. Sunday I attended Meeting through the day
in the Meeting house Met at 10 oclok Harrison Burgess prayed
The whole ward was then organized in all its various
branches. W Woodruff then spoke 45 Minits
END_ENTRY


A visit to the ^MeUW◊◊S or Pimlico &^ Stables of her Majesty
Queen Victcoria

The first stable we nentered contained her
state horses composed of 12 in number which
were the most Beautiful cream colloured Hanovarians
We also saw 12 Arabians. The Hanovarians were
the most Kind & intelligent for Horses or any thing
of the Brutal creation I ever saw, they were
about seventeen hands high & well proportioned
we visited all the stables containing her horses
which were 150 in number, which were kept
in the most perfect order for the Queens use,
We next visited the appartments containing
all the Harness for 150 horses. We saw the full
set of State Harness sufficient for ◊Ei◊ght
horses, which were for E◊i◊ght of the cream coulord
H^an^ovarians, which were made by order of George
the IV. they were covered with gold plate harness
for each horse weighed 150 lbs, evry set of
harnes was vary expensive containing much plate
We had a slight view of the Queen's riding
ground as we passed along one of the Lords & others
were riding at the time. We were all weig-
hed in the scales in which Prince Albert was weighed
Elder Kimball's weight was 160, mine was
142 which was 2 lbs more than I ever weighed
before. We next visited the Coach Rooms we
saw all of her Private coaches a number of which
were vary grand & expensive, & Lastly we visited
her state coach the following is a description
of it DESCRIPTION
OF
HER MAJESTY'S STATE COACH
Finished in the Year 1762. The most superb
carriage ever built. Designed By Sir William -
Chambers & executed under his Directions
The Paint◊ings executed by CYPRIANT
The front Panel. Britannia seated on a throne
holding in her hand a staff of Liberty, attendeddy
by Religion, Justice, Wisdom, Valour, Fortitude,
Commerce, Plenty, and Victory. presenting her with
a Garland of Laurel; in the back ground a view of
END_ENTRY


NOT ASHAMED OF THE GOSPEL, ETC.

to themselves in the spirit, and
in order that this work may be
done, we must have Temples in
which to do it; and what I wish to
say to you, my brethren and sisters,
is that the God of heaven requires
us to rise up and build them, that
the work of redemption may be
hastened. Our reward will meet us
when we go behind the vail.

"Blessed are the dead which die
in the Lord from henceforth: Yea,
saith the Spirit, that they may rest
from their labors; and their works
do follow them." [Revelation 14:13]

We have labored in the St. George
Temple since January, and we have
done all we could there; and the
Lord has stirred up our minds, and
many things have been revealed to
us concerning the dead. President
Young has said to us, and it is verily
so, if the dead could they would speak
in language loud as ten thousand
thunders, calling upon the servants
of God to rise up and build Tem-
ples, magnify their calling and re-
deem their dead. This doubtless
sounds strange to those present who
believe not the faith and doctrine of
the Latter-day Saints; but when
we get to the spirit-world we will
find out that all that God has revealed
is true. We will find, too, that
everything there is reality, and that
God has a body, parts and passions,
and the erroneous ideas that exist
now with regard to him will have
passed away. I feel to say little else
to the Latter-day Saints wherever
and whenever I have the opportu-
nity of speaking to them, than to
call upon them to build these Tem-
ples now under way, to hurry them
up to completion. The dead will
be after you, they will seek after
you as they have after us in St. George.
They called upon us, knowing that
we held the keys and power to re-
deem them.

I will here say, before closing,
that two weeks before I left St.
George, the spirits of the dead gath-
ered around me, wanting to know
why we did not redeem them. Said
they, "You have had the use of
the Endowment House for a num-
ber of years, and yet nothing has
ever been done for us. We laid
the foundation of the government
you now enjoy, and we never apos-
tatized from it, but we remained
true to it and were faithful to God."
These were the signers of the De-
claration of Independence, and they
waited on me for two days and two
nights. I thought it very singular,
that notwithstanding so much work
had been done, and yet nothing
had been done for them. The
thought never entered my heart,
from the fact, I suppose, that here-
tofore our minds were reaching after
our more immediate friends and
relatives. I straightway went into
the baptismal font and called upon
brother McCallister to baptize me
for the signers of the Declaration
of Independence, and fifty other
eminent men, making one hundred
in all, including John Wesley, Col-
umbus, and others; I then baptized
him for every President of the Uni-
ted States, except three; and when
their cause is just, somebody will
do the work for them.

I have felt to rejoice exceedingly
in this work of redeeming the dead.
I do not wonder at President Young
saying he felt moved upon to call
upon the Latter-day Saints to hurry
up the building of these Temples.
He felt the importance of the work;
but now he has gone, it rests with
us to continue it, and God will bless
our labors and we will have joy
therein. This is a preparation ne-
cessary for the second advent of the
Savior; and when we shall have
built the Temples now contemplated,
